[Music]
Gosh, Millie, there you are.
>> Do you know how to knock?
>> You can't be in here. This is Cha's
office.
>> Uh, yes. Yes. I was just straightening
things up.
>> Uh-huh. Well, I'm Mororrow and I'm the
one who's going to be showing you up
today.
>> Okay.
>> So, here's your pass. First thing I'm
going to have to get you to do is
display right here.
>> Sure. What's your sister's name?
>> Um, Stacy, but like want to just Yeah.
>> There you go. Okay. You want a selfie?
We can do a selfie, too.
>> No, no, no, no. Drop it to you.
>> No. First thing you're going to have to
do is go make some coffees for the
fashion team.
>> Sure.
>> Sure. Okay. Yeah.
>> Look, I know that interns are meant to
vanish into the background and staple
things. It's just not my vibe, you know?
I'm a thinker. I'm a disruptor. And I
didn't watch five seasons of Succession
to just fade into the background and not
be in charge of things.
>> Okay, here you are, Z. No foam, no fun.
You There you go. This smells like
cheese.
>> Yes, that would be the artisal oat milk
that has your name on it in the fridge.
So, um, here you are. That's your last.
>> Thank you. Okay, can I get you ready?
>> Exactly. that. Yes, that would Let me
just I'll just taste test. Poison test.
Uh, no, it's uh it's not lactosefree.
I'll be back.
Okay, Millie, this is the beauty table.
We need every product to be logged and
placed according to brand and category
now. Yep. Okay. Here at Vogue, they
really value proactiveness. So,
[Applause]
personally, I've always felt like I'm
more CEO coded than intern coded, but
you know, what she ever wants, she ever
gets.
Look, I didn't want to mention it
before. Stranger Things is ending. And
of course, that was a steady income. And
so, I'm kind of looking for what's
around the corner. And um here I am. But
I I I have far more to offer than like
being an intern. I can't just like
can't do this forever. So, um I do have
a plan to stand out and I'm hoping
hoping it works.
This is the best thing you'll ever see.
This is trend forecasting. We're going
to start off with rodent core. Think rat
tails. Think think fingerless gloves.
Come on. Ail was on to something. Next,
we have um Chihuahua core. That's my
dog. Okay, Winnie. She's an anxious
wreck. So, here's the thing. I feel like
we need to be more relatable to the
girls of my generation. So, it's
trembling. It's like that bulgy kind of
eye like, "Ah, help me, please. I'm
scared. What's the world?" So, okay,
that's fine. Next. Aquarium Core. We
have aquarium core. See, this was you.
Come on. It was us. It was us. And the
wet look is what I think is in right
now.
>> That I actually like.
>> Yeah, exactly. I'm thinking slick. I'm
thinking gaunt, you know? I'm thinking
like I I you know caved and and soaking
wet.
Okay. Well, last but not least is um
rotisserie
chic. Rotisserie
chick
word play. You see the word play.
Feels like I've lost you. So, let's
recenter. It's the end of my day here.
I'm finally getting some facetime with
Goma. So, she's going to be the time of
day all day. It's like what is she
actually doing though? But you know,
whatever. Um I feel like the job offer
now is just more of a formality. It's
more like NDA contract. How much do you
want?
>> We think you have a really unique
perspective on fashion.
>> Yes, I agree. I have definitely a lot
more to offer.
>> We don't think you're quite the right
fit
for intern. I completely
completely agree. I feel like I have
outgrown that role and I feel like some
of the other interns like they should
stay where they are, you know. But I
feel like I am ready. I'm ready for you.
>> We're letting you go
>> to fash with me
>> to go to work somewhere else.
Do I think I ran Vogue today? Yes.
I think they'll realize that tomorrow
also. Yes. But
every great leader,
you know, faces resistance. And so I
feel like this is just the beginning.
>> You You can't still be in here.
>> Yes, I can.
>> No, you can't. You passed. Yeah. Give it
back. Okay. Now, let's let's get on our
way. Let's get out. I'm
>> done. I'm done with you. Mhm.
>> Okay. The mug
>> I'm taking out.
>> That's the mug.
[Music]